gh-128289: Add eager_tasks parameter to asyncio.run() and asyncio.Runner (#128293)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-runner.rst

   Passing :class:`asyncio.EventLoop` allows running asyncio without the
   policy system.

   If *eager_tasks* is ``True``, the created loop is configured to use
   :ref:`eager-task-factory` by default.

   The executor is given a timeout duration of 5 minutes to shutdown.
   If the executor hasn't finished within that duration, a warning is
   emitted and the executor is closed.

   .. note::

>       Users are encouraged to use ``eager_tasks=True`` in their code.

Reviewer: This feels a bit strong. How about this?

```suggestion
      Users concerned about performance are encouraged to experiment with
      ``eager_tasks=True`` in their code.
```

   Passing :class:`asyncio.EventLoop` allows running asyncio without the
   policy system.

   If *eager_tasks* is ``True``, the created loop is configured to use
   :ref:`eager-task-factory` by default.

   The executor is given a timeout duration of 5 minutes to shutdown.
   If the executor hasn't finished within that duration, a warning is
   emitted and the executor is closed.

   .. note::

      Users are encouraged to use ``eager_tasks=True`` in their code;

>       the default lazy tasks will be deprecated starting from Python 3.16.

Reviewer: We will have to be much more cautious. Maybe just delete this line (and other mentions).

Author: Yes, sure.

Author: I've deleted the line. Not sure should I delete the whole note or reword the text.

Reviewer 2: Looks good now. Let's wait though for the discussion on Discourse to come up with a firm plan that Tin, Thomas, you and me all agree on. (Then we may need to call @1st1 and @kumaraditya303 in as well.)

      *coro* can be any awaitable object.

>       Added *eager_tasks* parameter.

Reviewer: We need a 3.15 qualifier now (if we act before May 1st, the beta cutoff -- otherwise it'll be 3.16).

```suggestion
   .. versionchanged:: 3.15

      Added *eager_tasks* parameter.
```

        with asyncio.Runner() as runner:
            runner.run(main())

   .. note::

>       Users are encouraged to use ``eager_tasks=True`` in their code.

Reviewer: Again:

```suggestion
      Users converned about performance are encouraged to experiment with
      ``eager_tasks=True`` in their code.
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.11

>    .. versionchanged:: 3.14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. versionchanged:: 3.15
```
